sandro am shopping for him to
uncle centurion so have a few
sometimes very beautiful games
bpm
they are not 182 is not an asshole but it
defends is a 105 and has a ammo
which is that it is usually useful that it scares
useful all if you catch them from behind you
everything that happens does not always come
come in and you when you put a bullet that
it's worth 4800 and it makes you 48 damage because
shit in his fucking mother for 4,800
balances
how stinging
india
Well, there are three artillery
to paint the center
and many people in the middle no longer
as you know if we take the cabbage half is
much at all times half conservative
in your life tell me what numbers appear
in the game that the x vm decided not to
they will work we should win it but
we do not worry is the right thing
of the opposing team some concern
special
the mouse and the 2 artillery that are not
bad we are so well which of the 3
artillery the 23 that have bounced
look than 3 artilleries tell you why
261 and based on the first dose one
well you be careful with the artillery
do not look too much
until they pass them dead already
put them snipe and from hill do not commit
a mistake
but the heavy has gone up and also not
knows what heavy has done
4 the left is washed with 50 m
I think that not one possible action
in the hall
come man and stay with 21 of life
goodbye
credible but true
what I'm telling you, down here
Alberto spends them with lfv and the
explosive to finish finishing to good
Today the
if I go if the east or as it's called
50m huge do not love me
this uncle cannon also does what he
comes out of the balls when he wants to macho
that is a feat
well the entrance of the great trauma in
half 50 that is doing the handle this
then it was again and is in
against
that has not been painted
I just entered the front mouse
the artillery has not been painted yet
and the two of the three are here are
here the remaining car is there at
left to the right the minimum forgiveness
and it's on base l 41 the l4 is here already
nothing remains on base
should not they or the mouse
sure with people to give to you
but still 100 already said I
Alberto we push down the
we play
Laughter
for how the bounce this
but it arrived adjusted to the good
how that 7 has rebounded
lateral your clear then it is with bullet
you see that he is with a bullet
look look look at the dose 1
3 like that 355 real guy
I'm going for dose 1 do not take it
miles that are not dog do not be a dog
fucking fucking really fucking but good
do not talk to me
here killing is very expensive
is what has the merit to kill well
the strip of an explosive
and be careful with the albany neighborhood but
Right now I can not bacha
to occupy myself straight I have more things
interesting salts 2 and one hundred per
league one hundred no I'm not going to take it off
of the shot that kills me what you say but
you are getting into the explosive
witnesses is going to kill you this please
but make the pirula
by god you shoot me
how like
produce like this favor and flag
goodbye
OK
to win and gap man study on base
to assure you a little more
but it is equipped with 218
who burns who burns
where will the screaming whore be here
side of the flag the flag
well nothing
in series resets the flag without making
damage came chains to do the module
It is done in resulting modules
weak hatch 218
to you
He looks and does not look as 4 passing by
enter there
you have caught uncles no no
clear why are we going
do not